# GT3NATurboDataGenerator
A program to generate Turbine Kit/NA Tune data for Gran Turismo 3 (applicable to 4 too essentially), with engine data as input. All code by me, with the exception of the 2 formulas (engine tuning factor & displacement multiplier) being generated by ChatGPT, as I'm not that smart with mathematic formulas.

Currently accepted engine inputs are;
L1, L2, L3, L4, L5, L6, V6, V8, V10, V12, V16, VR6, BOXER2, BOXER4, BOXER6, W12, ROTOR2, ROTOR3, ROTOR4.
Accepted valvetrain inputs;
SOHC, DOHC, QOHC, OHC, OHV, ROTARY.

Peak power inputs can be an estimate, or if you want the precise value, you can use Silentwarior112's Torque Curve Tool for accurate inputs. It accepts decimal values as well, and values only between 1 and 1500.
Peak RPM inputs should be the engine's max RPM / 100, i.e max RPM of 7500 / 100 = 75. They also need to be more than 1 and less than or equal to 150.

Displacement inputs should currently be between 350 and 8300. Additionally, do not include the "cc" in the input, i.e "7997cc". For rotaries, simply input the sum of the displacement. I.e 654x2 = 1308, so input 1308.

Default aspiration obviously should be the engine's default aspiration.
Accepted aspiration inputs:
NA, TURBO, SC

After all the inputs, the program will take the inputs, calculate values from them, and output the turbine kit/NA tune part data.
If you want to modify the modifiers for pretty much anything, you can fairly simply edit the code to do so.

Also included now is an extra stage3 NA-tune data for GT3, that simulates a supercharger.
The generated turbo data is used for GT3:C as follows;
Stage1 -  Turbo with focus on extreme low-RPM torque.
Stage2 - Turbo with focus on mid to high RPM range.
Stage3 - A balanced setup for high power, twinturbo data used for every car.
Stage4 - A massive turbo for maximum peak power, sacrificing all low-range torque. This in turn is a single-turbo setup for all cars.

This leaves the stage3 single turbo and stage4 twinturbo values unused for the project, so they may even be a little unbalanced compared to their twin/single variant due to lack of testing.

Also thanks to Sal_89 for initially adding the GT4-specific engine/valvetrain types.
